capital = 774

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = CHA_acas
recruit_character = CHA_communist_guy
recruit_character = CHA_ncs
recruit_character = CHA_awt
recruit_character = CHA_pot
recruit_character = CHA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = CHA_ai2
recruit_character = CHA_nt
recruit_character = CHA_aco2
recruit_character = CHA_ar
recruit_character = CHA_acr
recruit_character = CHA_mt
recruit_character = CHA_stc
recruit_character = CHA_aa2
recruit_character = CHA_acgs
recruit_character = CHA_ncm
recruit_character = CHA_nccr
recruit_character = CHA_coi
recruit_character = CHA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = CHA_acd2


1939.1.1 = {
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		gw_artillery = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}
