capital = 271

oob = "ETH_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

recruit_character = ETH_haile_selassie
recruit_character = ETH_fitawrari_yeebio_woldai
recruit_character = ETH_seyoum_mengesha
recruit_character = ETH_amare_makonnen
recruit_character = ETH_haile_mariam
recruit_character = ETH_gabriel_zawde_gilaneh
recruit_character = ETH_woldemeskal_tariku
recruit_character = ETH_ras_kebbede
recruit_character = ETH_wondossen_kassa
recruit_character = ETH_ras_kassa
recruit_character = ETH_dedja_zinatch_nadeon
recruit_character = ETH_haile_abba_mersa
recruit_character = ETH_ras_seyum
recruit_character = ETH_mesfin_sileshi
recruit_character = ETH_lij_abiye_abebe
recruit_character = ETH_john_robinson
recruit_character = ETH_lij_johannes
recruit_character = ETH_fitauri_zawde_gobena
recruit_character = ETH_desta_damtew
recruit_character = ETH_ras_imru_haile_selassie
recruit_character = ETH_bedjironde_tekle_hawariate
recruit_character = ETH_makonnen_endelkatchew


set_convoys = 5

1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {

		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

# A colony of Italy in 1939, however if independent it would have the same politics as in 1936
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}