capital = 3

oob = "SWI_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

recruit_character = SWI_federal_council
recruit_character = SWI_ernest_beuin
recruit_character = SWI_dr_max_leo_keller
recruit_character = SWI_fritz_platten
recruit_character = SWI_henri_guisan
recruit_character = SWI_j_d_de_montenach
recruit_character = SWI_jean_de_muralt
recruit_character = SWI_hans_oehler
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_laur
recruit_character = SWI_etienne_primault
recruit_character = SWI_hans_peter_bichsel_sohn
recruit_character = SWI_werner_jenni
recruit_character = SWI_rene_von_graffenried
recruit_character = SWI_eugen_bircher
recruit_character = SWI_oskar_bider
recruit_character = SWI_hermann_hessel_lorenz
recruit_character = SWI_johann_august_sutter
recruit_character = SWI_carl_jacob_burckhardt
recruit_character = SWI_johannes_baumann
recruit_character = SWI_roger_masson
recruit_character = SWI_giuseppe_motta
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_wetter

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort

	oob = "SWI_1939"
	set_technology = {
		fighter1 = 1
		gw_artillery = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		interwar_antiair = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.27"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 96
	fascism = 2
	communism = 2
}

1939.1.1 = {
	#next election october 39
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 95
		fascism = 2
		communism = 3
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	neutrality_idea
	limited_conscription
}

set_stability = 0.85
